RAMPANT ABUSE AT CHIBA NURSING HOME
"A HOLE IN YOUR STOMACH"
What is this article?
FORCE-FED COLD CURRY
And there are even videos.
Hello, Mr. ********.
It's delicious, isn't it?
Open your mouth wider.
PERSON A SOUNDS LIKE HE'S GROANING
-Don't waste it. Eat it all.
-This is the worst.
We're checking
if the source is
a resident's family member
or one of our staff.
Do your job so our nursing home
doesn't receive a government penalty.
Mr. Sugawara,
you shouldn't talk
to your elders like that.
I'm sorry.
It's just that this is an emergency.
Now that the media
has released an article like this,
even the risk-averse authorities
will take action.
It'll be hard to avoid
a business suspension.
Sir.
We were forcing Mr. Iemori
to practice writing his will.
What would happen
if that video went public?
A video of you forcing him to practice?
-Such a thing exists?!
-I'm just asking, if it existed…
Young people these days
film anything and everything.
Sir, please calm down.
I'm just asking, if it existed…
If such a thing comes out,
it won't be just a business suspension.
We'll both be finished.
You, find out who was filming.
I…
have an idea
of who is pulling the strings.
Damn Kujo.
That bastard!
Oh, ouch! Ow, ow!
How many times are you going to fail?
Finish it quickly.
So the USB you received from Mibu
had this video on it, huh?
Yes.
How did you know
that Mibu would be able to get this?
I remembered that we'd met before.
Met who?
More importantly,
you should eat too, Attorney Karasuma.
Junk food in the morning?
Did you give up on autophagy?
Yes.
It's because today
is going to be a busy day.
Busy?
More importantly, Attorney Karasuma,
could you contact the person
who wrote that article again?
Kuga,
did you leak it to the media?
I think very highly of you.
Now's the time to fess up.
I…
don't know anything.
But,
Mr. Sugawara,
you wouldn't believe me anyway.
Do as you please.
I see.
The reason the government created
the medical system and social insurance
wasn't to save the vulnerable
or increase the happiness of the people.
It was to keep the people healthy
so they could make them work a lot,
thereby strengthening the country.
But times have changed.
Unnecessary people
are guaranteed to be discarded.
Hello, Mr. Kuga.
We're from the Honjo Police Station.
Your doctor filed a report,
so we came to ask a few questions.
I'm sorry, but I got drunk
and fell asleep on the street.
Now I'm here.
So what happened?
Well, I don't remember at all.
Contact us if you remember.
Okay.
Excuse me. Can you tell us
a little more about his injuries?
Understood. I'll show you
to the conference room.
Sugawara planted a bug
in the hospital room,
so I'm messaging you.
He's still suspicious of me,
but I think I'm okay for now.
The article about Mr. Iemori is crazy.
That damn Sugawara was really pissed off.
GOOD JOB.
ARE YOU DOING OKAY, KUGA?
DOES IT HURT MUCH?
It hurts like hell…
Mibu.
Oh, hello, Mr. Sugawara.
Yes?
Have you nailed down
who leaked the videos?
No, not yet.
I put the most suspicious guy
in the hospital and planted a bug.
Huh?
Put him in the hospital?
Are you out of your mind?
The abuse videos
were all over the news online.
The media is going to hound you.
The press has already crowded the front
of our facility, creating a commotion.
I can't get close to my home
or my mistress's place.
What should we do about this?
The police will investigate
since there are videos.
If they find out the CEO has gang ties,
it'll blow up big time.
What do we do about the guy
in the flicking video?
If it were only the flicking, the person
would just get reported without detention.
But
if the entire facility is suspected
of being involved in abuse,
even you will be in a precarious position.
Besides what's been leaked,
if more videos get out
of you forcing anyone to write a will,
you'll be completely ruined.
You and I both will be arrested
for compulsion and breach of trust.
Attorney Yamashiro.
May I have a moment?
I'm Ms. Ichida from The Toei Shimbun.
REPORTER
You're the retained lawyer for the general
incorporated association Kikogi. Correct?
I'd like to ask you
about the coercion of a will.
Sir!
Could you give us a few words?
Shut up! You're only a reporter.
If you spread false information,
I'll sue you.
Are you ready for that?
Don't follow me.
I'm glad the article went viral,
Ms. Ichida.
As soon as I released the scoop
that you told me about,
all the other companies followed.
If I release the second article
about a big-time lawyer helping a gang,
it'll go even more viral.
Ms. Ichida from The Toei Shimbun
was very happy.
Is that so?
You sure know a lot of people,
Attorney Karasuma.
Huh?
Not as many as you.
No, no.
The only contacts I have
are sinister-looking people with tattoos.
Conversely, you, Attorney Karasuma,
know people who are mostly clean
and, on top of that, are women.
Hmm. Well, I guess you're right.
We're both attorneys,
so why the difference?
"Our faces"?
Huh?
That's what you wanted to say, right?
You just said it yourself.
It's a coincidence.
It's not a coincidence.
Ms. Yakushimae ignores me
when I ask her out.
But you two go
to that Chinese place all the time.
You only asked her out
to the "Japan's top takoyaki" place.
That doesn't count as asking someone out.
Is that no good?
No. I can't believe
you were ever able to get married.
"That's why you got divorced."
That's what you wanted to say, right?
You said it yourself again.
Hey, Kujo!
I knew you'd come here,
Attorney Yamashiro.
You knew?
I thought it was time you showed up.
Nice to meet you. I'm--
Shut up.
You used the trash media
to pull off a dirty move.
But, well,
you did better than I expected,
Attorney Kujo.
I don't know how much evidence you have,
but why don't we end it here?
It's not like you enjoy
cornering me, right?
I'll pay back
Ms. Iemori's entire inheritance.
You win, Attorney Kujo.
Understood. I'll end it.
But in exchange…
please take off your badge.
Huh?
I want you to quit being an attorney.
You bastard.
I show a little humility,
and you start acting cocky.
I'm your former mentor.
How dare you tell me to remove my badge!
Don't you screw with me!
I'll crush you completely.
I'll show you how outclassed you are.
Understood.
Then let's go all-out.
Come at me.
I'm not going down yet.
It's ridiculous to think
that attorneys have power.
The ones with money have power, right?
Am I wrong?
It makes you wonder…
Strong attorneys
only take on clients with money.
The poor can only choose
court-appointed attorneys
from who-knows-where.
They lose cases they should've won
because the attorney didn't even try.
Even if we're all equal under the law,
we're clearly divided before it.
What do you think?
Regardless of whether
the client is rich or poor,
I charge a flat retainer fee
of 330,000 yen.
Status isn't a concern.
330,000 yen?
And I don't accept any rewards for bail.
That's my policy.
But many people still say
that's too expensive.
What the hell?
Are you running a discount store?
You've gotta rip off the rich
and the troublemakers, right?
I've never seen
such a people-pleasing attorney.
It makes you wonder…
I can see it now.
"He who fights with monsters
should be careful
lest he thereby become a monster."
"And if you gaze long into an abyss,
the abyss also…
gazes into you."
Nietzsche's Beyond Good and Evil?
You brought up a pretty overused quote.
Even now,
I respect you, Attorney Yamashiro,
for how you guided me.
One of your guys filed
a police report for assault.
Since the video of you
beating us up went viral,
we only filed the report
because the cops told us to.
Hmm…
Withdraw it immediately.
Yes.
I'll have it withdrawn immediately.
You cooked all of this up,
didn't you, Mibu?
What?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Remember,
I'll make sure to return the favor.
MR. SUGAWARA
Did Sugawara find out about me?
No, he didn't.
That's good.
But more importantly,
you're amazing, Kuga.
You infiltrated that facility
and never got caught.
No, your discerning eye
is even more amazing.
You had me sneak into the facility
to find Sugawara's weakness.
Weakness?
I'm not looking for something so small.
I don't hold a personal grudge
against Sugawara.
I just used him
to get bigger in this world.
I see.
Thank you.
But more importantly, good job
getting your hands on that video.
Well, I mean…
I got lucky because the damage
didn't touch the data.
Thanks to that,
I was able to get rid of Sugawara
and repay my debt to Attorney Kujo.
But I'm surprised
that Attorney Kujo remembered me.
I think we only met once at your place.
He's just like that.
Anyway, it's all thanks to you.
Go to a hot spring for a while.
Thank you.
But if it's an order from you, Mibu,
I'll do anything and give it my all.
-Is that so?
-Yes.
Well, then,
shall we play human bowling,
like you did with Sugawara?
I just got my nose cast taken off.
Please give me a break.
LAND FOR SALE
FEEL FREE TO CONTACT US
The land our father left behind…
I feel better now that it's a vacant lot.
Sorry for making you do all this
when you're so busy, Hanae.
It's nothing.
Anyway, the lawyer you hired is amazing.
We paid him money, so he just did his job.
Money? His fee was really cheap.
He got back the entire
400 million inheritance.
Normally, the standard cut
would be 40 million.
But he didn't even take half.
Only 10 million, right?
That's unheard of.
What?
Oh, uh…
It's hard to bring this up,
but the 25 million yen you received
as a lifetime gift from Dad…
Can you reflect that
in the inheritance distribution?
Saeko gave you
a firm reminder to ask me, huh?
Do what you want. I'm not obsessed
with the money enough to fight over it.
Sorry about that.
I don't care.
The house is gone.
I don't think I'll ever
have to talk to you guys again.
That reminds me.
I just remembered something.
Dad said something at Mom's funeral.
He said that you've hated him
for a long time.
What?
You don't remember?
You used to study in the kitchen a lot
when you were in junior high, right?
I could concentrate there.
That was when Mom and Dad
were at their worst.
Dad didn't feel comfortable at home,
so he would stop by a bar every night.
When he came home drunk,
you would go to your room
like you were running away.
He said that you'd hated him
for as long as he could remember.
I just remembered that
because the land is vacant now.
There's no deeper meaning.
I see.
How much longer will you keep talking?
I'm coming.
Well, I'll leave the task
of inheritance distribution to you.
That's actually not true.
I was in the kitchen because…
Hi, there.
Ms. Yakushimae?
Is today Halloween?
No, I'm not in a costume.
I bet you've never been popular
with the girls.
Right.
So how can I help you?
I heard from Attorney Karasuma.
You want to go out to eat with me, right?
Eat?
You said so yourself.
You said that when you ask her out,
she never goes with you.
Did I say that?
I don't mind going with you.
But only to a counter-only
sushi restaurant
or a teppanyaki restaurant where
the chef cooks right in front of you.
Sorry, we have a lot of work remaining
from Ms. Iemori's case.
Hmm?
Isn't that over already?
A neighbor told me.
The house was demolished.
And she split the inheritance
with her brother.
-All of it?
-Yeah.
When her neighbor told her,
"Since you did most of the caregiving,
you should've taken all of it,"
she replied, "We're family."
Truly, she seems to have prioritized
her family over herself
until the very end.
So, which restaurant are we going to?
I only go to restaurants
with more than four stars on Tabelog.
Attorney Karasuma, can you two go?
What?
-What about you?
-I have to go.
Hey, hey. Don't run away,
you crooked lawyer.
Treat me!
Ms. Iemori.
Attorney Kujo.
Sorry for suddenly calling you here.
Oh, no, no. What's this about?
I wanted to give you the invoice.
You could've just mailed it to me.
Well, yes, but…
Here you go.
Okay.
Well, I'll be going now.
Ms. Iemori.
Do you have a moment?
Could it be
that you're regretting it deep down?
Regretting what?
Not being able to take care
of your father until the end.
Your true goal
wasn't to get the money back.
But rather, you had no other way
of working through your emotions.
I heard that your neighbors said
that you took care of your father
with such devotion.
They were worried
that you might collapse one day.
My mentor used to say this…
No matter how hard it becomes,
he wouldn't want
to be a burden to his children.
That's how parents feel.
Even if your father
didn't say it out loud,
I'm sure he was grateful to you,
from the bottom of his heart.
You did your best, Ms. Iemori.
My father…
put up with all my selfishness
when I was alone and lonely.
He never said anything bad
about my mother who left me.
He was
a kind dad.
But…
it seems he thought I hated him.
But in reality,
every night,
I wondered if Dad would come home.
I was worried.
I was anxious.
That's why I waited for him.
I was never able
to clear up that misunderstanding.
I never returned his love.
And Dad passed away.
This is the castella
that you and Dad liked, right?
It's okay, Shinji.
You're busy.
You don't have to come by so often.
But I'm worried.
I'm fine.
It's too early for me to die alone.
I'm glad.
About what?
Well, you must be doing well enough
to joke around like that.
Here you go.
How do you like it?
It's delicious.
Right?
Hey, don't open that.
-Let some fresh air in.
-If you open it, people will hear us.
-They won't hear us.
-Just close it.
Okay, okay. Understood.
There you go.
But, Mom,
I know Dad is,
but you and I are also victims.
So we don't have
to live in fear like criminals.
It's not too late, even now,
so let's move forward.
Okay?
I wonder if I can.
You can.
I'm here for you.
Okay.
Down.
Good job.
Attorney Kujo,
Mibu is here.
I've finally found an owner for it.
Now the office won't get torn up anymore.
Hey, Mibu.
Yes?
Would it be okay
if I became Black Thunder's owner?
You want to keep it?
It's already like family to me.
Attorney Kujo…
keeping a dog means taking care of a life.
Do you understand that?
I understand.
Do you really understand?
You have to walk it every day and
potty-train it. It might even bite you.
You have to brush its coat and its teeth.
I know you're worried
because you had Rice Cake, but…
Excuse me.
Hello?
Yeah.
Who's Rice Cake?
The dog that Mibu used to have.
So that's why he acts differently
when it comes to dogs.
Yeah.
But Mibu is right.
It's a lot of work to keep a dog.
What if you have to go on a business trip?
When that happens…
-I'll ask you to take care of it.
-What?!
I mean, why not? We're both single.
We're practically family.
No. Who's to say I'll be around forever?
Attorney Kujo,
I'd like to ask for your assistance.
Someone who's taken care of me
has been arrested.
I need a bit of help.
I don't mind. Who is it?
The underboss of Fushimi-gumi.
Kiyoshi Kyogoku.
Sir,
I'm the victim who almost got
his brand-new watch stolen.
Why am I the one who got arrested?
Before we came here,
we asked the detective
about the situation off-the-record.
According to Kenichi Sakuma,
who filed the police report…
he did run up to you,
but he didn't intend to steal anything.
But you inflicted serious physical injury.
The bodyguards were
the perpetrators of the injury.
And you, Mr. Kyogoku, as their superior,
will be charged
as a joint conspirator in the assault.
But I was just trying to protect myself.
You're an active yakuza member.
For the police, this case
is a good excuse to arrest you.
You want to settle this quickly
and shorten your detention period.
The other guy won't.
The yakuza aren't respected anymore.
I saw the security camera footage
at the parking lot.
The bodyguards will likely be seen
as having acted in self-defense.
You won't be prosecuted, Mr. Kyogoku.
I heard you helped
to cut loose a thug in 20 days,
so I requested your assistance.
Please get this over with quickly.
It's up to you how quickly this ends.
That's enough.
Let me use your phone.
I wanna talk to my men.
No, you can't.
It's not in line
with an attorney-client meeting.
Attorneys face
disciplinary action for that.
Don't give me that garbage.
Then, give Mibu a message for me.
Lawyers are just
pigeons, right?
If you want a messenger,
ask another attorney.
Even if you have money and power,
you're weak in front of the law.
-Sakuma.
-Uh, yes?
Do you know who I am?
Of course, Mibu.
Then,
do you know how this world works?
T-This world?
Listen carefully.
You meddled with something
you shouldn't have.
Withdraw the police report right now.
Y-Y-Yes.
You said you don't choose your clients
based on their status
or whether they're good or bad people.
But Mr. Kyogoku's request is dangerous.
It won't end with you
just losing your badge.
One day,
it could cost you your life.
-Good morning.
-Morning. I'll visit the bar soon.
Thank you. I'll be waiting.
-Good morning.
-Morning.
-It's been a while. See you.
You're popular.
Well, I spend a lot of money.
More importantly, that lawyer you
introduced me to is an interesting guy.
Is that so?
But why didn't you introduce me
to him right away?
You were hogging a lawyer
who's quick on his feet.
Since you already have a lawyer
who works with Fushimi-gumi,
I felt it wasn't my place to say anything.
Our lawyer lent me his phone
in the meeting room.
But Attorney Kujo…
Mr. Kyogoku,
you know the police
regularly check the call history
of yakuza cell phones, right?
If you use a cell phone here,
it'd be a disadvantage,
for me and also for you.
We can establish self-defense,
regardless of a settlement agreement.
If you and your bodyguards stay silent,
you'll be cut loose in 20 days.
But the other party agreed to a settlement
before the 20 days were up.
Hey, Mibu.
Something's bothering me.
It's the first time
I've been the target
of a snatch-and-grab in this city.
I think someone is cooking something up
to frame me.
Am I overthinking it?
What do you think, Mibu?
Was it you?
You cooked it up?
You haven't forgotten
what happened that day, have you?
Mibu.
You guys have meddled with someone
you shouldn't have.
You stole the takings
from the gambling den we're looking after.
Have you gone mad?
The guy who was causing trouble
immediately fessed up
that you were the mastermind.
Thugs have no loyalty to their superiors.
Yakuza don't fess up.
But everyone loves themselves.
"Egosurfing" is a search for love.
By the way,
this heater
that dries the paint on cars…
If you get too close to it,
your blood will boil, and you'll die.
It's dangerous.
Are you okay, Mibu?
Is it hot?
But you're too valuable
for me to let you die here.
So what will you do?
If you show your loyalty now,
I'll forgive you this time.
What do you say?
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
Okay. Then show me your loyalty.
What was it again?
This dog… What's its name?
Hey, stop it! Don't touch Rice Cake!
Oh, right. It's Rice Cake.
Rice Cake,
the dog you've had since you were a kid.
-Hey!
-Well…
Kill it.
There's no way I can do that!
Then,
die.
Mibu,
you chose to kill it.
If you had killed it on my orders,
you'd have just held a grudge against me.
Bear the guilt of living
for the rest of your life.
Is everything okay?
Who are you?
I'm Attorney Kujo.
Please contact me if anything happens.
Subtitle translation by: Miho Kunisawa